This text file describes the logging capabilities of MaxieKeyboard. The captured data relates to the following concepts:
  Typing sessions (a "session" starts when the keyboard is shown and ends when it is hidden)
  Typing events (the user performing a single input action)
  Suspect characters (characters replaced by another character after one or more consecutive backspaces)
  User details (basic demographic details about the user).
  
MaxieKeyboard can capture the following types of data, during user input:

Data about Typing Sessions
  timestamp when the keyboard was shown
	timestamp when the keyboard was hidden
	keyboard view height
	keyboard view width
	list of all typing events in this session
	list of all suspect characters in this session
	application in which input was performed (app package for devices running Android 5.0+)
	first word typed in this session
	number of minor spelling mistakes made in this session
	number of serious spelling mistakes made in this session
	number of times the suggestion bar was used in this session
	number of artificially injected errors in this session
	user device id
	was autocorrect enabled?
	was sound enabled?
	was vibration enabled? 
	was visual feedback enabled?
	was the highlighting of suggestion bar words enabled?
	was the touch input history enabled?
	
Data about Typing Events
  time elapsed since last keypress
  time of touch down action
  input event duration (key down to key up)
  raw x touch down coordinates (screen)
  raw y touch down coordinates (screen)
  input event x difference in raw coordinates
  input event y difference in raw coordinates
  input event x difference in relative coordinates to keyboard view
  input event y difference in relative coordinates to keyboard view
  x touch down coords (relative to keyboard view)
  y touch down coords (relative to keyboard view)
  touch ellipse major axis for keydown event
  touch ellipse minor axis for keydown event
  raw x touch up coords (screen)
  raw y touch up coords (screen)
  x touch up coords (relative to keyboard view)
  y touch up coords (relative to keyboard view)
  touch ellipse major axis for keyup event
  touch ellipse minor axis for keyup event
  keycode that was finally input
  keychar that was finally input - if applicable
  did this character come after a press of the space bar?
  did this character precede a press of the space bar?
  did this character follow a press of the shift key?
  is this a suspect character?
  ID of the user's device
  
Data about Users
  user id
  user sex
  user age bracket
  user country code
